Add guide for the AAT Java SDK users (#793)
ably/ably-asset-tracking-android: README.md

Please see our [Upgrade / Migration Guide](UPDATING.md) for notes on changes you need to make to your code to update the Ably Asset Tracking SDKs.

> Please see our [Java API Guide](JAVA.md) for notes on using the Java version of the Ably Asset Tracking SDKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not writing your application in Kotlin then please see our [Java API Guide](JAVA.md) for notes on using the Ably Asset Tracking SDKs from Java code.
```
